Info about azureKeyVault.useAzureIdentity (#205)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/references/reference-radix-config/index.md

- `azureKeyVaults` - list of Azure Key Vault configurations.
- `name` - Name of the Key Vault resource in an Azure subscription. Radix supports capital letters in the name, but not spaces.
- `path` - Folder path in running replica container, where secrets, keys and/or certificate contents are available as files (with file names, corresponding to their names in the Azure Key Vault). This field is optional. If set, it overrides default path: `/mnt/azure-key-vault/<azure-key-vault-name>`.

> - `useAzureIdentity` - If set to `true`, Radix will use [Azure Managed Identity Federated Credentials](../../guides/azure-key-vaults/#authorization-with-azure-managed-identity-federated-credentials) to access Azure Key Vault, an option [identity.azure.clientId](../../guides/workload-identity/#configure-workload-identity-in-radix) have to be defined. This field is optional, default value: `false`, using [Azure Service Principal Client ID and Client Secret](../../guides/azure-key-vaults/#authorization-with-azure-service-principal-client-id-and-client-secret).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `useAzureIdentity` - If set to `true`, Radix will use [Azure Workload Identity](../../guides/azure-key-vaults/#authentication-with-azure-workload-identity) to acquire credentials for accessing Azure Key Vault using the service principal configured in [identity.azure](#identity). This field is optional, with default value `false`. If omitted or set to `false`, credentials are acquired using [Azure Service Principal Client ID and Client Secret](../../guides/azure-key-vaults/#authentication-with-azure-service-principal-client-id-and-client-secret).
```
